Fix typo in mbedtls_ssl_set_bio description. (#3569)
ARMmbed/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/comment_typo_in_mbedtls_ssl_set_bio.txt

Changes

>    * Fix comment typo in mbedtls_ssl_set_bio_description.

Reviewer: Minor: Remove the underscore. 
```suggestion
   * Fix comment typo in documentation of mbedtls_ssl_set_bio.
```
